[13.0][ADD] web_widget_many2one_simple (#1767)
OCA/web: web_many2one_simple/README.rst

   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fweb-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/web/tree/13.0/web_many2one_simple
    :alt: OCA/web
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/web-13-0/web-13-0-web_many2one_simple
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/162/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module adds a new widget to many2one fields that allows to link records

> without any extra features (no autocomplete and no search).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
without any extra features (no autocomplete and no partial search).
```

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Attributes:
~~~~~~~~~~~

* regex [String]: Defines the regex to test the search criteria
* can_create [Boolean]: Allow create new records
* can_write [Boolean]: Allow edit the linked record

Options:
~~~~~~~~

* search [Dictionary]
  * field: The field to use in the search process [Default is 'name']
  * oper: The operator (like, ilike, etc...) [Default is 'ilike']

* no_create: Invalidates the 'can_create' flag
* no_write: Invalidates the 'can_write' flag
* noOpen: Disables open the linked record

Usage
=====

> After install this module you need declare the usage of the new widget as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to declare the usage of the new widget as follows:
```

> ``<field name="xxx" widget="many2one_simple">``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``<field name="xxx" widget="many2one_simple" options="...">``
```

    :alt: OCA/web
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/web-13-0/web-13-0-web_many2one_simple
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/162/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module adds a new widget to many2one fields that allows to link records
without any extra features (no autocomplete and no partial search).

* Preview

  .. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/web/13.0/web_many2one_simple/static/img/preview.gif

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Attributes:
~~~~~~~~~~~

* regex [String]: Defines the regex to test the search criteria
* can_create [Boolean]: Allow create new records
* can_write [Boolean]: Allow edit the linked record

Options:
~~~~~~~~

* search [Dictionary]
  * field: The field to use in the search process [Default is 'id']
  * oper: The operator (like, ilike, etc...) [Default is '=']

> * no_create: Invalidates the 'can_create' flag

Reviewer: Why this is not using standard names?

Author: Follows Odoo implementation

* no_write: Invalidates the 'can_write' flag

> * noOpen: Disables open the linked record

Reviewer: Why this one is CamelCase instead of snake_case?

Author: Follows Odoo implementation

Author: Really can be used in both ways:
- noOpen
- no_open

I updated the readme to use the snake case style
